[Music]
[Music] What I'm
saying is that we're talking about the
miniature of the main canal but the one
we put here of the marinera is
also not or what or the one here is normal I don't
even know the one you put that you
put you don't know let's see It's just that all of a
sudden I swear it's a coincidence that I
told these people man more or less we have
you put the Peppa as a miniature
seriously it's that look she
asked me for it please and no she didn't pay me she didn't
pay me we're going to do her a favor we're
going to do her a favor today we're going to
do it for free okay Well good night
everyone Good
night dear my Carmen please we missed it I
almost don't come back I almost don't come back I'm
terrible eh saying that we had a
fight over Antonio David that he hadn't
come back you know man we had
our falling out we argued
this week about that but we've already
fixed it no way in my life
Carmen you know that I Teo you more
than Antonio David man man
please neither do I know he's a pir  if it
turned out well the level
wasn't very high either but well I tried the
lake I don't know if it turned out very well but
well good night well let's see I
promise you it's a coincidence I had
already agreed to meet with them around noon I
had told him Hey I think today we
were going to get together and discuss a
few things and what we have put the
title of thumbnail is that it came up
later but well it was a great
movie scene but well we'll
talk about it later as it
adapts to the outline But well
brutal FJ was live too
now commenting on some things and he's the
protagonist of the first topic that we're
going to talk about because we're going to start
with something that particularly gets on my
nerves a lot and you'll
forgive me for the expression but the fact that they're
already playing with the subject of strike with the
subject of knocking down live shows, knocking down videos
and such eh It pisses me off a little bit no FJ
what happened to you I don't know if you want to give
a little context before putting the
video to see the context basically it is that he
broadcast a live show in public eh
when he realized a little bit of what he
did in  He put that live stream up for members
and during the time it
was public, people commented on it,
reacted, gave their opinions on Twitter, released clips,
okay. And so, uh, I was out of time, well, at
the moment when the
live stream changed. Well, I commented on what was
public on Twitter, so he
came live to complain in the
comments after it had aired,
uh, saying how nice, what,
now, yes, now the way to, uh,
comment on the content was by
reacting to this content for
members and nothing, and then
later on, he said that
my response, which was simply, Hey, you
do this if you broadcast it publicly and
then you make it available to members. The
moment you make it public, we can
comment on it, whether you like it or not. I mean,
we're not going to have parentheses for those who don't
know, what he did in that live stream was make us
all jump,
exactly s s f boy, no no,
Pando, and the point is that the intention of
that live stream was to broadcast it and make it
public. What happens is that he regretted
what he said and then he gets angry about what we
got out of it like  Hey, what's that you
've brought out the bad in me, not how it
puts us down, how it puts us down, then the
question is, I have a lot of work to do to
look for the good, sea of ​​TR, it's that, of
course, It's that you haven't
reacted to the two hours of live, you
have reacted to the clips where I
insult you, eh, Yeah, well, clear, clear, clear,
unclear and Carmen, why have you
gotten so sad, have you felt sorry for
FJ's channel, have you seen it, are you in
danger? She's
very worried this week about
poor FJ? FJ, in the end, has he put something to you or
what? Or nothing or in the end, nothing? No, I don't have
anything, no notification, no notice or anything, I don't
have anything good, he says, he said that he
sent it and that it has to reach you, it's a
bit like the ola lawsuit, no, Yes,
also no, but in principle he said that
as if he were a showoff, like I responded to him
and I told him at the end in the message, be
consistent with your actions, I mean, in the end,
this type of content, if you make it
public and then you don't like what he
does, he passes it on to the member, hao,
directly to the member, but that's good.
Anyway, it's not right and the thing is  that
for being a jerk according to him, well he told me
publicly that I have given him a
strike for this video for being a jerk for I don't
know what and I have not received Anything clear it's
two things One if you're brave enough to
put us on the spot then be brave enough to
assume our response and two eh FJ has not
been the only one who has reacted and he has
been the only one who has threatened that it's
also curious But why does it It's that
this man kind of does it because
the last day if I'm not mistaken that we
met we were also commenting on
how he was [ __ ] and also I think it's the
same live not the one we're
talking about That's the same live but but
you don't have the balls to give me
a strike give it to me
man I'll tell you where I'm
going to give him a strike listen to me let's
see man it's that
any of them would have to have balls to
give me a strike also I'm telling you but
not because I'm cockier than anyone else or
anything like that but because
their whole channel is about me so they
would have to have it squared they
have it eh Also  I tell you It would be a lot
but okay now But why Because of this
man they stop saying that
you only talk about them eh that I don't talk
that we only talk I mean they
have the nerve to say whatever they
only they only they only they only
respond Yes yes only only it is only
responding less more than I have it
because if not We would not have content that he
talks about eh but I do not understand The
move that this man has that he goes
putting up videos then you cut them then you
trim them Leave the headers remove
the others I do not understand let's see
if you do a live and you prepare a
live and you spend 5 hours damn why do you
delete it he has spent 5 hours of your
life and now you
delete it you know what he is doing wrong
new fashion I spend insulting I put it
in hidden
pass He went too far He went too far let's
go is that the live the
live is reportable of course then his
friends tell him put it p stop I
have with one for minutes that I
already have for the rest of my life to do it
little by little by installment I think that from
here to December more or less
we will finish
Oh  no way no way for me dude Ah don't bother me
This happened to me this afternoon
dude FJ I don't know why solution tell me you
're a computer scientist and hacking
people's accounts no the one who hacks no no the one
who hacks the accounts is someone else
according to these people right what do I do
like the sun close it and
reopen it close it close it and
reopen it Let's see there's no solution because this
happened to me grab noer hit the x that is
close the video clip and then put it
back on or open it like I don't know if you
understand me I try and if not what I do
is pass it to another browser eh Let's
see
now what's going on dude when I'm broadcasting
when I'm recording it doesn't let me Look
this is new now today it's that I
think you
that direct but it happens to you with all the
clips or just with that one it was today
recording the news it happened to me with
all the clicks that I got from Twitter
okay I'm going to try with another browser to
see if it
lets me okay another browser if it lets me let's
play a little bit like this
leaving the  I'll correct the
information Roberto Macar I don't know if I didn't
understand it
well
FJ
reacts it sounds like an echo there's
something I find
okay wait I'll remove it and
share it again it doesn't fail eh let's start a
live
show new one the echo doesn't come out when we are before the live show in the while before I'm here blowing everything up Nothing happens it happens when we are already broadcasting the part of the live show for members well no Prim looks like a priest or rather as if he were in a church but well no it doesn't
distort
that much open and I'm going to explain a
little thing for those of you who are short on
neurons so that you understand it, first
in the live show in open and when it's
over I put it for
myself when you take a live show you want to
download it you have to
wait wait
People are complaining the second one seems like he's in a
parish he's there not him
[Laughter]
paco third
attempt yes come on Let's go
then copy the
URL speed it up a little bit there are
two clips for the 125 even if it's 125
if a live show lasts an hour it takes an
hour to record it  with a link I
downloaded it I finished the live and
put it up for members and I have the right to
do so There is no rule on YouTube
that prohibits me from finishing a live and
putting it up for members Okay so with that
I'll tell you another thing is that there is
no rule on YouTube that tells you that
for members you cannot react to
content because it is set up for
members that is like a respect that we
have for each other when the content is
paid for exo consideration between us
Exactly I mean it is an unwritten pact I
mean we do it out of respect for our
colleagues Not because it is a rule
I didn't know that I had no idea and
well the I mean the final part It's
also that apparently according to people who are
members of the channel
and have that live for members they
have it deleted So it is not
for members either in question is that
first he should have left it for members
and then he should have deleted it let's see you how can
you react
to everything now yes it is true that for
example if I do a but man let's
understand one thing an
exclusive member content that is a video a
video like the ones I do on the
main channel member no  are you going to take it in
your live you're going to ration it but a
video like this now I open a live
melias that insults the five
reacting to a video of mine also and
now I say no it's that this is
exclusive content for men touch your
balls you have them squared Make
a zoom call or Make a
discord call and nobody can hear you
and what I explain quickly is that by
that TR rule So when every time he
regrets or sees that he has done something wrong
which now seems to be
tending to do this he puts every every
live that he broadcasts in public he puts it
for members and says Hey I'm going to give you
a strike for entering this content for
members that the intention we could also
do us
noting our content in front of
everyone and then he takes it away so you don't
answer him No word if we open that of it is that he
could abuse that I'm not
saying that he has done it but man he is
already throwing no but I mean that we
could do it We also not
anyone who reacts to our
content we run to our
content we put it for members and
strike no but in fact there are a lot
people who do it, that is, playing for
example,
the live is open and once
the live is over the live is left
for members only So you don't
have the balls to comment on one of
my clips again because the moment
I finish that live that I
put for members only if you
dare to react you get one strike
after another According to your theory and I still
think that if I were YouTube I would
ban that once a live
live is over it can be hidden
or private or you remain public but
not because I can take it now and
decide that there are a few videos
that I don't want to have in public and now I
want to leave them only for
members for members but for
members What does it mean for
exclusive content for people who pay no
no that everyone has already seen it
Javi let's see if you can put it I mean
no I mean you can put it because
because a person may not have been able to
go to the live to be a member and then
see it later if the problem is not
that Elena the problem is when you
start with tricks so you can't
react because that's the problem for
me that you put it  for members I don't give
a damn That's why I said the other
day in my live that
although I don't know how to face YouTube
if it is within the law or not it has been
done within the
YouTube regulations I do not know what
is clear is that it seems to me
a very dirty strike in the case that they
put it very dirty dirty play or I mean I
put it to you because look I insult you
not happy with that I put it for
member I continue monetizing in some way
and if you react I will give you a
strike
neg that brings a channel because he gave to
Javi No not to Javi But also in
this partial way you know that no not to everyone not to
everyone not the one that interests me It's that
an ex puts me when these people have
all the channels full of Javi
then I order here that not even
one more image is allowed and let's
leave half the staff here without eating
but let's go without going any further I'm going to give
a little touch here to the one from Troy Well of
course what happens that
the p dies by the mouth Then to the one from Troy 25
seconds and go see this wonderful clip
that by the way I have been on
Mrs. Cristina's Channel seg I think it's
Cristina now continue correct me in the chat if I'm
wrong But I think it's her
survey and Mr. Pablo Franco is
called the lawyer I have been on all
three channels and this video does not appear to me it is
supposed to be from the same Saturday before
the live with Javier Oliveira from
what can be deduced from his words Eh I have
been on one channel on the other And on the
other on video and live and
this video does not appear anywhere because it is
for members Lero that's why it does not appear to you
C
of 25 seconds
eh
Pablo a second that you pass like
lagged Hey this this ch today for the
work of being an [ __ ] not when they get
together when the three of them get together and do
live shows the three of them together they broadcast them on all
three channels at the same time but all three
for
members they broadcast all three for
members But also from the beginning it's
not like they then put it for
members let's see I mean because I am I mean I am a
member and I get the
notification from those from the three channels
that  something that I also put as an
argument, let's see, or rather the
main intention of the Troya live in
that case was to be public, it's not like I'm going to
broadcast it to members, if from the beginning it
is for members, damn, take it and take it out
and comment on it. I mean, no, it's not like the
live shows that FJ does, for example, one day a
week when he does a live show
only for members, only for me,
and now it's also
fashionable to open a live show for members to
extend it
further. Sorry either. It should be no. Well,
but you can't when you're
dedicating yourself. But how come it can't be
anything? So if we throw the live show at him.
Ah, you can do whatever you want, man. No,
man. Of course you can do whatever you
want, Javi, even what you've done with
Troy, how can you do it, you can do whatever
you want. Another thing is whether it's
right or not, the question is that maybe if you
make yourself a member of this content. Or you
can check it out. And you see that it's not that he goes
on about too much, it's that he does things that he's
overstepping his bounds and he's not complying
with the community standards.
The content is also reportable, so in some
way you can say, Hey  that this
content although not everyone can see it
is not good content that should
be accepted by the
platform that is what could be done of
course well that ard de Troya so
brave to strike but so
cowardly was not to strike you
not to point to but what he has to do
one day is come and have a debate
with me I invite him here to come one
day to have a debate with me and here you
can't delete it or you can't set yourself up
as a member and nothing we debate t I the one from
Troy face to face who told me the
other day they sent me a click that they say
that I'm going to meet them in
Marbella I don't know what they meant by
that Ah I didn't see I don't know that I don't know if you
heard it Ah no no no that you were going
to see those from the flight is that that
F t but that they believed it or in other words another
Jordi must have said that in the summer Well the
same as he makes the joke that you play
squash
okay No no believe it I mean the other day he
must have said that you are going on a
family vacation the  two families you
don't know if to Marbella or Malaga and they
believed it
man and they believed it clo me thinking
Why the hell am I saying gosh what the
hell is he thinking he told me that they're
going to find me in Marbella I
said no maybe he's mistaken
Seville And he thinks I live in Marbella I do
n't know no it wasn't because of that because he's supposed to be spending the
summer with Jordi Oh with
Jordi how good good Well look I really
want to see Jordi in the bath let's
see think about it FJ is giving me this week
the controversy is also observed if it ca
n't be because of youtuber things then
directly because of the
YouTube platform and there is a certain controversy with
the issue of vertical live broadcasts I'm going
to read First this tweet eh from Joe and you
tell me okay in the last few weeks you
will have seen the fuss there is between
youtubers with the vertical live broadcasts
some do it and others don't
some do it one day horizontally and
another day vertically there are even those who
dare to broadcast horizontally and
vertically at the same time a mess with the  it
seems that nobody understands and it is
difficult to clarify when suddenly a
vertical live gets 40,000
views another day it goes up to 100,000 and the
next day it falls and does not even reach 10,000 what a
mess for the user accustomed to
watching videos on their mobile it is very comfortable you
swipe with your finger on the
live video and you find it, in other words, it
is not content that you are looking for so
a large majority watches it for a few
seconds and moves on While the
youtuber adds a new view and
so on one after the other So it is worth it
or not for the youtuber, it
depends on the Channel and its current
growth situation the good thing is the number
of views of the channel goes up the
number of subscribers goes up the ego of the
youtuber goes up the bad thing economically they are like
everything else like shorts very unprofitable the
proportion of likes versus
views goes down or very low bad
for the channel and the average
viewing time this is something that
people are not going to understand No but how to
see the audience retention
basically the time that is spent
viewing which in the end a
YouTube channel recommends it a lot more when
YouTube notices that people stay and watch
the full videos, that is, the short
content. Of course that means that
YouTube understands it. As if it were interested in the
content. If you have, for example,
these live shows in vertical, no. And you
have 100,000 people who of course
people are browsing as if it were you, no.
And if they do that F fum 100,000
people pass by and they don't stay. YouTube is
detecting that this channel is there, you know,
and it goes hiding it, it goes hiding it. That's
the move, they are anabolics, I
love that name they give them
because they are steroids because they are like
numbers that make you fat but in truth they do
n't mean anything. Let's see, I
am personally doing it
because it doesn't eat bread while I am on
the normal live show, I opened another one
vertically, the one at noon, doing it
vertically is not bad for me
and it is promoted, I mean, it is like
a new promotional window and
new people come to the Channel in that sense, yes,
eh, monetize, I was talking to you
the other day, Elena. Let's see, when I talk about
the live show in vertical, for example,  in
the afternoon for me it monetizes the same
as if I did it horizontally Why
Because removing the visits that are
anabolics
ok it still has if I do only
the vertical if I do both no because
people go horizontal but if I
only do the vertical it continues growing what I
grew in my normal live shows for
example yesterday the one I did with alanne we
finished with 20 so 1000 visits and
wow for 50,000 Why Because
normally the live shows Once they stay
up they add up Maybe about
10 15 20,000 visits you understand or has it
been then Those 15 20,000 visits do
monetize like a horizontal one they don't
monetize
less Yes so that people understand this
in the end it is that during the but the
period of time in which you are
live vertically, it is being
played from another place so to
speak what is the short category
when it happens or is delayed it has already
ended people see the same
as the videos the horizontal live shows
or  it appears in the same category
where they can find it then the
visualization passes that a live has
more views in the live itself no but
only those those anabolics are
only while you are live
once you finish the live that that that
live is already as if it were a
horizontal live most of the
views you get when you are
live then there are people who V
deferred but not so much the anabolics
are in terms of views not in terms of
monetization I mean you are not going to charge the
same as if you had had those
visits in a horizontal live exo
It's that people say what I'm
talking about Elena for example I was saying it
monetizes less because 100,000 visits in
a horizontal video is money and
100,000 visits in a vertical video are
different and it's not that it's that it's that
100,000 visits are not real it's a
person who did it like that so whatever it is whatever
are real visits for my
opinion FJ I don't know your cinemas that I haven't
talked to you but whatever are
real visits, I mean once  that stays
up are going to be They are going to be, that is, the
visits will really generate more or
less the same as you would have had in
a horizontal live with
normal visits Although you see the
inflated visits of course, that is, the visits that
are real, imagine these 15,000 yours and
the 15 or 200,000 visits that have been
added from the live Tuyo y mía yesterday
afternoon to Anne those 15 20,000
visits monetize the same vertically as
horizontally, they don't make sense, I know because because they
already stay in the
live section, they don't stay in the
short section, of course, like a
normal video, but You still have many more
during the
live time, what usually happens with
live content, let's see, so that you
understand, that when a
live is cut, from the moment it is cut, no
one else enters that live, the
moment the vertical is cut, there is no longer a
visit,
of course, let's say not one, 20
or 30 can enter, which people normally
value seeing pin Crown ad Why does it look
like this
Hala have you noticed No but and I
answer this Well in the
end scams vertically you know why
well because it turns out that I have
realized that here there are people who
do live broadcasts and have 20,000
horizontal views and it turns out that those
who do live broadcasts with
20,000 30,000 views go to
70 80 100,000 views and I say wait
a minute who fits you here Juanjo
Javi Hey from time to time Antonio David
takes a look No there is a trick here So
I am an educated guy been there
reading and so right now YouTube
is in direct competition with TikTok and
since TikTok broadcasts vertically,
what YouTube intends is to rival
them and is
promoting vertical broadcasting in
such a way that due to the algorithms in the
end what you get is to have almost
three times more views
so of course imagine family imagine
if the last live broadcast we
did talking about Kiko Hernández Fran
Antón and Melilla which was
broadcast horizontally is around
100000 100000 views if we had
done that live vertically we
would have had half a million
views rubiu rubiu Go to
hell okay Go to hell Rubius Go to
hell to Play how much did it
have 70,000 AX I think this one, in other words, had
in fact, had the same number of visits it's
something they talk about without knowing, without
checking it and yes and if you read a lot, in other words,
if you inform yourself, you have to
see to what extent
Not the numbers, eh, of the 86,000, I'll
correct you 86,000, that is, yes, but but
but I'm telling you that of those 86,000,
like 15,000 were to go in and see when
Sole fell, trust me,
there it is, there it is, it was that one, it was the one he's
talking about, man, I haven't seen any of
his live shows and I went to that one to see
that, I haven't seen any of his live shows in a while. Let's go, of course,
to see Sole's show and that's
clear. Hey, well  80,000 with
Marta's promotion is weak eh it's weak
okay let's see wait a second I was going to
look of course she has done she has
put a generic title I reveal myself
vertical I mean it is not even known
what she is going to talk about no a couple of things let's
see with respect to the subject of
vertical live broadcasts I do see that in the
end you when you dedicate yourself to making a
type of content if you do You focus
a lot on long live broadcasts eh And it is the
content that rises the most is the
content that over time is going to
be the one that is possibly going to be the one that is going to be
recommended to you the most
So I think that for me eh doing
vertical live broadcasts what is going to
unbalance you are the horizontal ones I mean
if you have been doing them for a much longer time You continue
doing vertical live broadcasts for a longer time
I think that the horizontal ones
are going to have to later resume a
little bit to upload them is what I
think and secondly what I have been
seeing is that as much as for
example with Tania with these  live of
100,000 views 80,000 that topic
that I was commenting on, alas Neo, what I see is
that in the end you don't see new interactions there,
you don't see Even though you get
subscribed, hey, 1,000 people, 500 no V
new interactions, you don't see people who
suddenly say I'm interested in this topic, it's
like Javi says that it's a lot of
views happening and they subscribe by
pure inertia of Hey, out of 100,000 out of 100,000
visits, 100 people or
400 subscribe. I don't know which in the case of, I think
that when passing by, they made a mistake with the Bot and they
subscribed without wanting to, let's see that,
that has something to it. Okay, says Tania, says
Tania with her two vertical live shows,
okay, today's vertical live show, today's
100,000
views, talking about three topics
of the heart and a brief reaction to
Javi Oliveira's last live show and the second
in full to Jav Oliveira
82,000 talking about Jav Oliveira doesn't work.
Thanks to  everyone So you're telling me
that well a it's true and stop being a pain in the
ass it's true Well but F he
says a live stream in which I talk about matters of the
heart And Javi Oliveira 100,000
views and another live stream in which I talk
entirely about Javi Oliveira 8000 800 No no no
visit
from Javi and now of course you say your man
is that she means that one of the
live streams I only talk about you in passing
no aa she tells you literally worth
100,000 views talking about three matters of the
heart and brief brief brief well
reaction I would love to know what she
means by brief reaction you will
know you will know I have it here this
this is the live stream with the brief reaction
Okay and the brief reaction is an hour and
40 minutes so there I go there I go
there I go it's unique it's dan the
space-time thing they have it cl it's that
these people's concept of brief
and the funny thing is that the funny thing is that they tell
how long the live stream lasts How long does
the live stream last eh 3 hours and a bit three
hours I mean almost more than half  more
than half of
Ja the three themes heart was to
disguise it a little yes to disguise it
because then in the title you see Marta r
sa
sound rco gu jav olivea the title is worth
the title only of Ja
oliveira And in the video tags
too but well Javi oliveira does not give
so many visits they only give me
85000 These are the ones that it gives
when yes
seri right now
after right now it has
900000 900000 Yes man from there to 82000 and
100000 there is a jump and in fact it is
vertical format and horizontal format Yes
well even Although you add it up it is to say
yes yes no that one of them In vertical eh
one of them being a vertical one for not
putting Javi oliveira for trying to
be contained eh but what does this
girl need to make those kinds of
statements that talking about you does not give
visits But why does she get esango sa
to look so bad no but it's that or rather she
is not even talking without knowing It's
because of throwing the piston but
but How long will it take to dismantle
what happens  that I was never going to do
live shows again I say goodbye Like every time but
like every time she opens her mouth girl yeah
every time she opens her mouth I know it or rather
she dismantles herself Ah but You realize
that You realize my
situation I want this girl to
let go of my arm Okay so how how do we
do it if this girl sees that talking
about Javier Oliveira goes from 80,000 views
to not to mention
900 in a vertical but eh that the other one
that the one in the afternoon has the same thing eh
let's see the one in the afternoon let's see how it
goes Do you think that the one in the afternoon is going to
mention the last few days to me let's see from
here No man no I don't
think so no let's see stop we have to talk with we
have to talk with the word
checking
this is going to become a
tradition 40 times Javi in ​​this live show
40 that javia that sum add J 24 hours
the Sevillian gentleman me you guys skipping
some I don't think so
all here look at this one for example I
can skip it because I'm in the title and
in the thumbnail okay Ah
well unia  with and chatty chatty let's see
how chatty chatty is let's see let's
see one one only in this Put Put
gindi
gindy one too Oh there's a little bit of
each a little bit of each And if I put J or J
O it's that of course how do you transcribe that no
but well J okay another random one I don't know
this one not today's no because they put the
title I don't know Why the social network
that recognizes everything j and alanne also the
title also is that I hadn't seen it
FJ J Albert Marta the flight damn you
forgot to put aur
Play doesn't give it the title eh It doesn't give it
listen to me but what is it that what is it
talking about us if or so we
had done the usual and and and to me
Why did I use the
title to talk about the verticals that
what you said about the verticals of the
God verticals okay okay okay okay okay
Well let's let's see this
click that the Indian shares
if the browser lets me that same
buggy Maybe I'll get a little
buggy see there's something that
indi did  let's not be innocent okay it was him don't
tell me it's not
very good serious Indian let's not be innocent
I don't know what the Indian had told him
but let's not be innocent Indian Ah
because the Indian would tell him to know what
the others have told him eh careful
Indian Don't go too far Eh the boss
is there seriously eh telling you Look look Look look look look it's
very good dude I mean I see this
very good very good bu the only one who
sees it very good
ñado I don't know what he sees
very good but the one who taught him to pass
forwards and backwards does
say that Listen now okay
what has he taught him no you can't
hear Javi Javi yes yes my god man I
have to go through with
you When I go through
yours it's not going to happen now let's see let's see what I
say what has she
taught him to pass the video forwards
and backwards yes yes no no no no no what
now that they have taught him that they have
taught him to pass the videos
forwards and backwards that
yeah that's
not worth it you've heard it okay
man I have to go it's the Stream yar
this but I don't know why it's with this
account of the Stream with the account with the
browser it doesn't happen maybe you
can try in another browser
tomorrow I'm going to try from your
account of course the next one I'm going to try it
from your account it's through
this account I don't know why I think
these people have the highest contract from the Stream
yar and for whatever reason it creates
incompatibilities with with with too
because the one I had but if we already
tried it the other day because we were
looking at things in your account we went to
mine I sent you the invitation and it didn't
go through And and what's that sense
what browser are you using what browser are you
always using always with
Chrome do you have some other one I mean maybe you
can try with another one maybe it will be
better for you but well let's see if I stop then
update it Well today there has been a
brutal spectacle which is the
main content of I was going to tell you
that you wait there are things there are
things maybe you have left out with the
vertical thing you have a tweet from Tania in the private chat
exactly the day you
do  live you and alazne ay it's true
exactly you're missing that part and then
a little thing about Peppa very interesting
that talks about the verticals that
even pas sent me sent it to me but you
sent it to me with a link that is from the
twit I can't see her Twitter eh And if I
share it with you and I share it on another
account cl comp wait to see a
second In fact I think that in fact
I think that we are almost interested in
you sharing the screen Maybe
comp subscribe me here to share eh Yeah well
laugh But the day we did the
live on my channel I had to
share it in the links not on mine
because I am self-sufficient with
computers let's see there you have it when
you can upload it
Cab okay what is that this is in response
to the day in which Javi in ​​which you Javi
and alne comment on
Tania or in other words the same moment that he would
surely find it live
and says if we are going to control the visits we
do it all and we all laugh Javi
oliveira plus alazne also talk about
us  live vertical 15
hours ago 170,000 subscribers important to
emphasize only 50,000 views caput
like this 000 views Wait Wait Wait she
's subtracting from my face she's
subtracting from my face yes eh in a
one hour live talking about
us In an hour of or rather in a
live of an hour and a half we talked about
them for 2 minutes yes yes the live was about
Kate Middleton the live was about Kate
Middleton and the anniversary of the
series 10 minutes or so and that's it but
she got angry when she saw that and
said Hey I still have 8 I'm going to
start charging you image rights
beautiful, so you spend the whole day
posting photos of me here and there
when you get paid I don't tell you anything okay FJ
and then You have another part that if you want I can
share it with you Here yes yes read it
eh No let's see then it's already something about Peppa
Wait I was going to tell you Give me a
second Wait a second that
the two have put here  things about Peppa
about the vertical live shows that in
fact she was a bit the one who started
with this I don't know if Enrique I think
started too and then I don't know but well
she was one of the first let's see
what she says about the vertical live shows
so that let's see for a second present
share
screen that people are one thing
Before you put it because people
in the chat are worried that
nothing's wrong with Carmen she just has a cold that I have a
cold It's that I can't
breathe I can almost talk because what's
wrong with you Carmen let's see tell us what's wrong
daughter I'm not going to open
everyone is
saying stretchy enada Carmen is
angry with us no no no I'm fine I'm
fine everyone is saying what's
wrong with Carmen Carmen is sad she doesn't have a
cold people already Hey one thing that
Pepa was going to say this afternoon post very
sad man a little distressed that
I am the truth Ho Carmen that as she says
is More quiet she comes she comes very pretty
eh she comes with a style a little jacket how
careful very cool very cool Look
I'll give you later  not like Javi saying that I'm here
half I don't know what like that I like ych one
to all as soon as you came in to me
no because according to what I answered you
told me that it wasn't for me that it was for
Elena I mean but we haven't been
funny the two of us see the same look how I
put myself here in the middle and I'm miata said
fal one with stripes you have to tell me what I have to
wear You're
forgetting dec we have an agreement true
we have to wear ourselves according to Loli according to
Loli Huerta the striped one You're going to
put it on right now so no man that's it
V to jail I'm getting ready
now I give it my suitcase eh Very attentive with
what she says about the
vertical direct eh And look that she is very
is very happy doing it with [ __ ]
strain
440 likes it's not bad at all that on the other
hand there are people who are
continuously making vertical videos
I will do it in vertical when I
feel like it because that's a silly deception and
I don't want to deceive myself
when I feel like one but come on I  it's
before they asked him the two days on
Twitter he says yanter that counts as
chor that there are people who are passing by and they are coming
out What this is why there are so many
views they are not
real views because I was looking and
from many colleagues I have in
comparison to my subscribers I have
much more likes than
any other with much more
views so the important thing is that
people like what is done that
people like to come have a
good time and little else and that's it And that was
about the
vertical diros the day she finds out that you don't
charge for likes freak out
but Peppa considers that
all the youtubers have taken the idea from
her no yes no yes yes yes And I'm reading
in the chat of course I don't watch her
live streams anymore and I'm reading in the chat
that you remember that yesterday in the
live stream that we did vertical I told you that
I hadn't done any
vertical live stream that I was going to do them but
doing irl that I copied the idea
that I'm a copycat that I said that I was going
to do irl and Peppa is the one who  has
invented but didn't know the name
So I'm already
copying it Look at Peppa when she
finds out that when you go into the
YouTube creator panel, that is, any
of you and anyone, any
youtuber right now when you go into
the YouTube creator panel, what
appears is this, indeed,
indeed But well, the thing about the
irls There are a lot of people who do it,
in fact, there are prizes, that is, in
the galas that are held and so on There
are prizes, eh, to the irls, that's the
first and second Peppa, it's impossible for me to
copy you because I don't see you, girl, I mean, I don't
know what you
do more than more than the clips,
indeed And a Clark and the thing is
that she uses the argument of the
interactions of the Live to
reaffirm herself Why Because for
example you go to Tania's live with
100,000 visual views and it has
400 likes, which is what I'm saying, nor does it
have many new comments, so
what you come to the conclusion is that you
Imagine that if you reach a larger audience, the
normal thing is that you go up a little  the
likes the interactions new
subscribers but it has no
value because new people don't
comment or like or anything, I
mean, the promotion is for people who overlook
that and on the rebound, they
subscribe to you, that's why the shame I just
saw the moderator of Ana cotillas
also alluding to what I just
said no I read I was going to tell
Peppa that this is the This is the Winner of the
year this and I think from the
previous one but the previous nominee is
Kid is Kid Well a style like Peppa no
more or less not exactly the same exactly let's say more
or less a style let's see what
happens here its fair measure I believe
all the things that the platform offers you
there are people who think that no,
yesterday for example I was talking to
Enrique no, what are the shorts and these
things that are not zero nor vertical nor anything
because it harms
audience retention I don't know what makes sense But
for now I'm going to go tweaking everything
and I'll see if
someone copies my idea But I had
thought about continuing to do the normal live shows
and then at some point  another time
of day do irl vertically
irl in its measure I'm a copycat since
[Laughs]
then
but but And why not why doesn't he
put you why does he only put me for
me too me too he tells me
that that one and a certain Wilson come out they are
stupid as hell eh but stupid as
hell eh they say a series of
nonsense Okay now what are you bringing up now that you
bring up that certain Wilson
Eh I want to make one thing clear Okay he
deleted it because he eliminated it I
mean he put an I don't know if a thread
or just a tweet I don't know I don't
know I know he deleted it eh
putting a clip of an old
FJ live stream Okay in which he uses
FJ's words to give it
a twist Okay and accuse
Ivan of a crime because of what
the forera is accusing him of what about not peeing
again lock what about hacking accounts the
clip from five or years ago that I
mean well the FJ one is more recent but
the FJ click has been going on for at least TR years
but it's that they usually  put
one of mine where I say don't worry if
Ivan doesn't find it if Ivan doesn't
recover a deleted t and they think that's
a crime, I mean a crime
would be for me to get into uh in some
way in FJ's computer because he
's a hacker or if I steal
lne's Twitter account and get into his private md
and rescue nude photos or
intimate conversations but that you
do a trace by the traces that are
left behind that you
can in the end there eh When you use the
Internet okay Eh You're leaving traces and that's how it is I mean
you're leaving hu I mean you're
leaving footprints on the internet and
traces can be done in a totally
legal way so you know what you have to
do so that saying so that you don't have to go around
doing that nonsense
What you have to do is when you
have to say things about people not
be [ __ ] stalkers because what you
are are [ __ ] stalkers you think you have
multiple accounts because you don't have the balls to
say things from your own
okay But you yourselves that you're never going to
show your face now most are going to say that you have to ask for the ID for the accounts why not so that you can have your anonymous account they are going to say that you can have your anonymous account Well if you don't want to appear on
Twitter anywhere but
Twitter should have you identified in case so that it does
n't happen to you like what happened to me that I have
spent 4 years asking a judge Not
me the judge asking Twitter to
identify some multi-accounts that
harass me and they have not wanted to accredit them
because Twitter happens okay No no no they are not going
to put it by ID But those who do it
like these accounts that you are
mentioning know what they are
although it cannot be accredited and although not
such They know what they are doing And they
know what they are you know that they have had to
spend hours creating an
email account to create another account and
that they are I get into this one but I am going to
tweet in this one what not in this one I am going to
put because you know what you do and it is
embarrassing You think that putting what
was a tit that  I answered he started saying
the other day I just remembered I was
laughing you even challenged them to a debate
I was debating at the salseria with some youtubers
who said I don't know something about bullying some
outrage they said okay Well then they
put the machinery to work
to defend the others to whom they have
said I mean I'll fight with whoever I fight with
if one day I make a video if I make a
video about José Bretón they are going to defend
José Bretón well that and a lot of
youtubers too okay I mean if I do it to
whoever the machinery is against and
that [ __ ] Wilson takes it I
was about to answer him and in the end I would
swipe it with my finger like
Tania's shorts and and I already forgot and he took it
and and I get a tit that says I just
remembered that he is there to
criticize anyone I just remembered
when in a live about Marta del
Castillo he told Loli Huerta the number
where the lawsuit was to pick it up And
what does he have to do  bacon with the
speed you are the dumbest thing in
life and that's why you do it from a
multi-account that you don't do with your
usual account with which you have your
normal interactions because you know what you
do You know you're a [ __ ]
stalker you know that you created an
email account so you can create a
Twitter account to put yourself on Twitter do
what you don't want to do with yours
do it with yours if we all have
freedom of expression me Why do I
get lawsuits and things because I
say things with my face Okay and that's it and that's it
sometimes I'll be right and
other times I'll be wrong okay but that's it
good warning warning to Navigators
think twice before accusing of
crimes then I don't want
regrets but what what what good
in my clip what I'm saying is
that they can be recovered deleted but
come on it's what I do to you with
Claro but that's not the intention
that they want to give Javi I mean the
intention is to want to accuse Ivan of
doing it in an illegitimate manner okay that That's
the intention  and I'm not going to
swallow that and even less because they are
brainless and because they are
obsessed with certain people Well
but let's see Ivan knows about
computers up to d he should know but he
doesn't know how to
go ahead and break into someone's
account you know and no no the first thing he doesn't
know and if I knew I would be the first one who would
n't let him do it because no
the result is not worth what you
risk let me explain Yes but well in
any case that type of
accusations happen because it is clear that I understand
that the accusation would be a revelation
of the secret or some move like that I don't know
okay but I understand that you will have to
prove that you will not have to prove that
a device has entered someone
else's computer or that or that information has been
obtained or of course that there is information be
man loer then we have the
thinking souls who receive a message that
your account has been opened on another device
that they are hacked Exactly I was going to
say that it is they themselves who have
entered from another mobile or from another
computer and they put that as proof of
Oh it's that they have tried I have not
tried for me  I've come across several
that I have to save with that of e e they
are trying to steal my
Twitter it's like no my life what they
are putting on you is logging in from
another device it's you of course Go to know that you
have day with the phones
with the devices things count and
stop doing little things of bad girls and you don't have to
be looking at that if the Iban I
don't know what I don't know how much what
the poor guy is going to be if he has to clean his glasses too much the
poor guy is already caught already caught he is out there he is out there
caught but the ease
of crimes everything come on one thing he is
accused it is how are we going to see for you to accuse
of that what you have to see is I mean what is being
revealed because of
course What is he telling you that he is going to
recover a tweet that has been deleted that
is a revelation of Secret that he is going to
find out who is an account that
harasses insults slander and defames that that is
what he is going to find out to try to
find out or in other words a revelation of
Secret is that someone gets into
this person's computer or takes their
laptop and publishes or takes out of  there they
leave some naked photos for
example or some
intimate conversations but a tweet deleted
because he insulted us and then
deleted it Oy what a revelation of secrets
surely if you're going to play with that they'll
put the five of us who are
here in jail but the thing is that there is no
revelation of secrets Javi I mean that
tweet has left a mark and it is and it can be
recovered in a totally legal way
but if sometimes they make a mistake and
tweet from the personal account and then they
delete it and put it back and
put the same thing in the multi-account that's another one that's
another revelation of the secret
My God if what they have to do is or they make a
mistake and respond from the account
that is not clear what they have to do
is if they want to say something they should do it
like we do with ours
and yes and yes and yes and yes no man for God's sake
don't go creating an account because you
know that what you want to say you can't
say it from yours man that's the
main thing well I've clarified that and now
with less drama we move on to another type of
drama that on this occasion is sadness that's
why it's Carmen's face okay
Peppa has had a really bad time, she's had a really bad time today and I think this has been very
sincere okay let's see what I'm
certifying that her husband wrote to us
saying this that
I have lived through Loli's illness
with
her yes yes yes but that I don't have to
defend her from anything other than the
harassers who are those on flight n And that
that seems disgusting to me, getting into her
private life, intimate or whatever and she doesn't
agree Now I'm going to put up a
full-throttle defense and spend two hours Here
defending her
no
no she doesn't need a defense eh she does
n't need a defense or a ror It's
not that they don't
have her what defense is that I can't go up
now with
love what's the
matter with not throwing like a
mangy dog ​​that they left her lying there how
dramatic look at her they knew everything they
were saying to each other tennis and they enjoyed
how they were saying what she did
but if they said it but if they said it
well it was them of the 2 come on
hungry Ay Ay Ay Ay Ay I can't I can't I can't
see her lor It's that I get emotional
too Ah but it was serious  that she was
leaving be that she was leaving be that she thought that the
crying thing was a joke no no even if it
seems like it no let's see I don't
like crying eh friend like and the other and the other
that despite the fact that J
ha I know
Pepa
there I but that what she's saying is absurd she uses
lasne as an example eh
Hey she told you something nice
Eh us to the other and the other but
listen to me one thing let's
see it doesn't make sense it doesn't make sense
But if she had done it from day
one Carmen But
also But how are they going to support her if they're the ones who
got all the [ __ ] out of her
how are they going well that's why it was
incomprehensible Peppa this is a
normal attitude that
someone else and her friends would have taken it out on her They would have acted
as if
pretending but it was they who got
all that out of her if the
culprits of the 240 as far as we know and they are
all them It's that it's that
exactly because we didn't even
remember that until they
rescued him of course her two friends were going to
defend him if Hi we have said that it has been
months  giving us a hard time when she has
Aoli that neither Pío has told her about
the falsification of the documentation
until today nor Pío was going to mess with the 240
they knew that it was a very delicate subject and they
knew perfectly well what was going to happen
to her and they didn't care how are they going to
support you what are they going to support you let's see
Carmen Do you really think that she The
question would be very simple and very
direct okay Do you think that she
Is really crying because it hurts her or are they
Crocodile tears How bad How bad How bad I do
believe the tears Yes I think that I
also believe that she has realized that she
flirted badly that she chose
badly
telling what they have done like stabbing her of
course I can believe them but it's
not that you can't compare Peppa I mean
because my friendship with Javi is real and
selfless yours
have moved by interest between you
from that is exactly there was no friendship of
course I mean I have been friends with
Javi since long before I had a
channel that you have  I forced you both
to make a channel literally
literally
Sure but you defend Javi or you
can defend him from attacks he receives from
other people But if you are the one
attacking Javi what's the point How is
Javi going to tell you but defend me, the
ass that he is going to defend you been I
defend him from attacks, I mean, attacks in which I
think Javi is right but
the first one to throw 8 at him is me eh but
you are not the one who starts the attack how
ridiculous but what she is what
she is demanding is that she would like to
have friends who defend her from, I mean,
what they are supposed to criticize and
accuse you of defending whatever Because she
also said that Javi look at what Javi
does the defi tod as point number one
I have never done the 240 Pepa
reading of the 240 Okay and point number
two, so that is what she is demanding
that she would like to have people who
defend her from
things she talks about Troy and LOL they have
called us pets a thousand times what do you want
pets then
clear
coo but getting along badly and being the ones
who brought out the 240 and all
the things they brought out of the pppa they
continue to defend themselves to this day but if
p what has to be clear is that his
enemy is not Javi his worst enemies are
Loli huertas and de
Troya as such no And they enjoyed it
like or I have not shed my
crocodile tears I tell myself that people were
dying because of me because of the 240
come on man
pissing on clothes friend like alne and the other
and the other that despite the fact that J
does
s are
there and I thought he had two friends and he didn't have
two [ __ ] there it
is clear that he didn't have friends he had
people that he had been getting closer to
point number one to Loli because he saw her a
kiss ro honey eh he saw that she was giving money
and he approached her not because he liked her, I
mean my friendship with Elena and
with Alan arose organically And yes
Look at least he said one thing in
which for the first time in his entire
[ __ ] YouTube life he is right Yeah
would you like two friends like Elena and
Alan okay but bad people hang out
Look this is very simple and I
learned it at the sanctuary deer hang
out with deer cows with
cows hedgehogs with hedgehogs
meerkats on their roll I mean Of course you
have to hang out with what you are with
the bad people so you
approached one because you were interested in her money
basically okay because you saw her on
other people's chas eh And you looked for her
thoroughly on her Instagram account
because of this and that why is she the
same as you the other why is she the same
as you and between you two now you eat each other
just like that and we have been saying it for
quite some time I mean we have been saying it is that it
was his friends
who left him at the feet of the
horses
of course they hit him and they knew perfectly what was going to
happen it was not
accidental they knew how to
do it Yes yes of course troll I already knew that they
were going to skin her that's why I have
fought with people and I have not started to
tell I mean people with whom I have fought and
maybe  we've thrown
[ __ ] on YouTube but about the things we
were fighting about in public
but I haven't gotten down to it with her myself I haven't
gotten down to having conversations
with her and I'm sure if I start
checking there's something you'll say look but it's that
this is filth she herself
admits it in a clip eh that with you
that you had never entered the person
you have taken out true yes it's that we have
lived that we have talked about it in it but
like that after 2 minutes it comes back again how
bad Javi how bad Javi it's not that
I think that also both this one and
Tania and they have publicly recognized the obsession they have with me is because it's the only thing that gives them money because then they start trying this one doesn't even try this one at least in that sense it's more it moves more in
these from YouTube you know in it for
what it's going you know the other one no the other one
tried yesterday to do a live broadcast of
Antonio Tejado Well take your
vertical reality you feel visit okay well
this one this one tried it the other day and she did
n't eat a [ __ ] either eh What a day
because I just saw her  channel What day there
was a day that tried to talk about
Marta but with me in the title no Ah no
this This look Marta riesco in Boca de
todos no eh I suppose
yes it has 12000 within what Cab Yes
but because vertically Yes yes let's
see let's see Marta comes out Javi 19 Well but you weren't the topic Javi No so the topic I am her topic I am her I mean it's every day some people that I wouldn't remember if they weren't sending me Clios appearing on Twitter because they are
mentioning me okay And it's that she lives for
me and wakes up for me and gets mad for
me and and and all Her content is that I'm not
saying that no one talks about me But how am I going
to ask for that if my content is about
third parties but not every day I try to talk about
one it is about TR of all the topics well this one
Antony had said this
in his live well roso carco answered
the others well jvier has said this to the
brands I don't know what the normal thing bu
jav theme is that apart from what you have said
I think she talks about you because  she
has realized and as she has already said
publicly she is sure that you are not going to
respond to her with
private things, however, if she gets very
cocky with ard de Troya with Loli who
knows what they will say, you know that is the
theory, of course it is the theory that we have
always considered the cowardice when it comes to
not wanting to respond to her,
those people must have left things in the
inkwell when this one wants to get us
more sack because the fact is that from the first
moment she has not wanted to get into it
because the others still have to, the
others, of course, not only not to get
into it but to defend her,
eh, it is true, it is that Peppa has defended
Loli when Loli insinuated that her son was going
to commit a crime of
document forgery. Yes, my head explodes,
you say that about my daughter on the internet,
more things and the thing about the parish priest, Loli took it out,
the 240 comes out, the 240
comes out because Loli is plotting the one from Troya,
the
house, the house, nobody knew about that,
the water bell, the private chat
with the photo of the  mother Exactly that Loli
also said that she was after her
taking out where she was donating everything she admitted
that she manipulated her of course trust you need
huge amounts of money that she never
has enough with everything she earns
[ __ ] that but Who said those
things of course Who said those
barbarities those who were supposed to be
her
friends
to the others listen to me this is very
simple here there are three options either you don't
talk Out of cowardice or because you
hate Javi and company even more or because
you're stupid and you don't know how to defend yourself and what
I'm clear about is that pppa is not stupid
but she's not the one and the two
od Look, I think it's not hate, I
mean I think for her it's a more
lucrative business yes business, I mean it's
more lucrative to hit Javi than to hit
Loli yard of Troy but she has an
audience asks her to tick Javi No, not
the others because there have been a couple
of times this year that she enters the
chat and changes her tone
quickly it's not hate you understand me she's not a
person who you who you who  It really causes you
rejection, it only does it
because it's what you because it's what you
've tied yourself to, yes, what she knows that
also works for her, she knows that
works for her and seeing her like that. I mean, what I was going to
say is that apart from out of
interest, it seems that she's the only one who
has gotten personally involved in the
friendship that she has taken it on. Hey, my very
good friend Loli, my very good friend, she's
going to believe she's more streetwise than the
other two, she's going on, she's going on, no
way, it was something that they
needed each other, it was good for some for one
thing, others for another, and that's it, I mean, you.
Simply because she turns her back on him and she doesn't
have anyone, not because of the friendship that they had.
Exactly, I think, but I do believe that she cried, I think she's
faking tears, no, I
think that it must have hurt her to see herself
alone, not so much because it was without, call
it a feeling of shame that the
whole world saw in public that
what had been predicted was coming true,
because it could be seen. Of course, they were going to leave
each other, they were going to kill and we weren't
wrong.  But because
we are so smart it was very
obvious and that feeling that you
clearly doesn't have to be pleasant but I
think that she didn't expect the
others to betray her eh Not so
soon and less like they did it damn
it's that how they did it eh yes but in veryy
eh what are they saying about us [ __ ] right
But at what point did it seem to it
because at what point did it seem to these
people that it would be a good idea and that
the 240 thing wasn't going to look bad that what
the things that the guy from Troy says weren't going to
look bad let's remember that the guy from
Troy is a guy who live on air used
to say that if he still had to hit her
until his mouth bled he's said
things about jelly beans he's attributed
crimes to people and then he says he didn't
say it So his memory is failing him
in a way yes he needs little raisin tails little
raisin tails and then
what about and then what about the
Loli thing the Loli live shows I don't know if he
still does them At the same level I think
that has lowered the level a bit but bu it
depends on the day there it goes it depends on the day depends on
the
day yes but after what happened to your [ __ ]
mother you piece of filth that
the worms eat her that has not been equaled no no that
was the top But well try try to
reach it has not remembered
anyone's mother these days and
we will not see that could be Loli's top no Yes
man of the strongest thing that has said I
think so of course yes That is the top
right I think that I think so
this part is already a little bit of theater no
this part already Yes man because he could have gotten
up he could have done
anything
And if I'm
crying with rage of sorrow of of of of
betrayal Look at Elena and Lana and the
other How are they next to their friend Mir
t
elado is that of course I don't know no eh with my
friend no but listen to me of course don't you see
the jot with everything you do with everything you
do And the friends that you have so
good with everything you do of course he has not
said look look it is that it
is worse than a serial killer and the
other two  they defend him Yeah yeah they still
support him in everything Yeah yeah of course but tell me
who gives the strength that our friend is
like his own not Peppa if the
key is that maybe yes if Javi
behaved like Lolar de Troya alas and I would
n't be his
friends or almost anyone like It's logical like it
happens to them I mean They are each
one alone each one on their own
what do they
join out of interest I mean they
join out of interest Well now in theory
ard det Troy Loli I mean they had a
moment then a membership was given away then
apparently the Li lies super super
emotional like to grab tissues and
cry because the other one got emotional and
started crying when ard Troya
gave her memberships and the next day the
other one gave them away on the channel I mean please please Hey
true What happened with that did you make
peace then or not I don't know
how it turned out yes yes yes yes eh Yes yes yes
but they are like
before yes Well but they talk more about
private conversations but they support each other and
send each other there Thank you for supporting me
Thank you what happens  what's happening is that they have
a conflict there because she
told him, I mean, he said that he hadn't seen
the photos from the hospital and she's
telling him that she's lying so there's a
conflict there
this
Regal wasn't right either, I mean now
now we'll see about Loli the pesta
pair of putting the video of the
main Channel in Yellow I don't know why it doesn't
occur to me boy I don't know why javale the
T what we've seen
before and it's no no at least you didn't
put the
original one that we have to look for another
platform we're not going directly the
civil guard goes there we'll see you live
that directly a couple
and
[Music]
[ __ ]
a little [ __ ] up this isn't moving forward
eh It's that I think Peppa was also she didn't
know how to rectify damn have you seen that they have
betrayed your friends
rectify and say well I was wrong in the
end those who I thought were on my
side are the ones who stabbed me and this
guy that I'm bothering him all day long has
n't reached that level of knowing how to
rectify he can't because the people the
people he has there
are haters and they don't want to be the
people who follow him  every day there are people who
hate Javi the moment they give
Javi the slightest point in his favor
Forget about it They eat him like Tania
what happens to Tania happens to her too
yes only that Tania
has them measured up to the
kitchen there she manages I don't want to know
anything Tania has it complicated the day she
wants there Tania has it screwed I'll
tell you
h let's see I would like to put
this but I don't know if she's going to leave me this
on the subject of the Vale video now yes Look we'll
see if I'm wrong I'm going to
screw up fat Filipina already well This is the
group the group I have not removed it because
as a group either the group of these people
was called Club Ultra private of p it has
already been said and it was where that video was sent
eh this group was where this video was sent
here above I would have to put the
date when I took the screenshot I should
put the date here above
here above it put it But here it does not
want to put it it does not put it But what happens there is
no problem because as it is the
group if they want to say that it is a lie
please Of course we want to say that  it's a
lie it doesn't matter do you watch the
dove video yes no pal the dove video
it's that video no it's not this one it wasn't this one it wasn't there's no
Paloma the dove the
dove video has been seen by more people than
the Thriller video clip about
today she's wearing the same clothes she's wearing the same
shirt but she's not wearing the same
pants But she keeps saying that it
's the same dove video No she's not even
wearing the dove Where's the dove No neither is
the dove neither that no it's not the
background Where is the guy lying down it's that it
's not the same day Of course it's not
the same day it
's not I don't remember the clothes but
man it seems to me that there was no background and that there was
a dove No because it was called the
dove video because there was a
dove no practically the
dove video the dove video And where
is the
dove the dove video come on shovel
without Paloma it's there it's the
dove video they lie because nobody has their arm
stuck together for sport but she herself says
nobody has their arm stuck together but if that's what
her friends say Look at her with her little
arm
stuck together,
really friend But Carmen you  don't you remember
how the ar of Troy said and for those who
wonder and they say that you list it alone
Look at the husband behind Look at the husband it's
true true yes of course if in this estat
on the air from here to the air I don't have
this part from here to the air but well
but I don't care Well that group you already
know who we were it has been said right
and left that there was that group
and that that group and that group you
see if it was top secret that we have
even found out about the messages within
the group everyone is putting it group
ult the group had a privacy and a
discretion the videos is all come on
June 9th this is a message from the husband I
understand Loli has left the operating room
everything went well and when she wakes up they will
take her to the room I will give her the cell phone
when the anesthesia is expelled any
news I will inform you a million thanks
for the love you give her that
makes her stronger man more if they have
opened you up and removed a piece of
lung and put a tit in you don't be
the two the two they put the two damn
[ __ ] it's tremendous no  eh So
she says the video is on July 27th but of
course the thing is that
this was on Marcasi's Twitter I
saw it on Marca's Twitter I saw that it's
the video of the dove Don that
Peppa mentions look here is the video The
Dove you see it is on
June 16th June
exa s days after not the
intervention the nu had the operation
and on the 16th discharged as
ard de Troya says So she was already dancing with
the dove s she was already like this with her
little arms like that she likes it But she had
but with the rour of pain That's right eh Yes yes yes
that's right they could
agree to lie No but if
Noa go the poor things if she
noando
nopas and on top of that they argue in private and they ca
n't say things as they are supposed to
Look let's agree also that no that no that yes it's that it's that there is no one
who
supports this man that no that no
this issue of the illness makes me very nervous he
says I have an offer for the
sixth Loli Huerta says  I have an offer
for the sixth and Loli never lies never never
and Loli never lies no never never never never never never never We haven't
caught him Neverland in a lie never never never never
What thing no no no you won't see it you wo
n't see it Loli min I understand
eh if I opened a channel and I managed to
monetize I would make a monthly donation with
what I earned Of course man but he hasn't
said where he would make his own bills the best of
course or when I mean he can do it
in 2035 perfectly let's go
Diego is telling you the donations he has
made on YouTube a troll it's that it has
come one after the other eh now why don't you
put that today it comes out tomorrow eh that takes and it has
taken almost two years to come
out because they appeal because I don't know what And
so on and AC rare but it is not it is not from now it is
not from now it is from
before and that's it opening the channel well the
first one we will laugh for a while and in the
second well since he puts what he
has to expose it that he explains it better
than me and above all he knows Much more than
me and he exposes it to you
literally absolutely  Okay, the
other day when they were asking you for
Game
Over, I told you Javi, I mean,
these people can't do Game Over, they
do it alone every day,
yes, but according to the ard of Troy, it's that
we take the clip
context. Yes, yes, yes. I mean, what you mean is
the translation is please put
one of the two, just don't put
both because that's what he
wants you to tell him where
the live is, such and such. And then he takes it and deletes the
live like that, you tell him, there's the
live and he takes it and deletes it. Of course, but
taken out of context, but it wasn't that the
context doesn't matter, what do we agree with
when it suits him? Speaking of
contexts, okay, we have something to talk
about. Let's see, Elena.
Tell me, son, wait, I'm going to put the camera on. You
call me. No, yes, let's see that you're a big
liar. I know, Javi. I know, yes, I
created the channel for
that. Elena. Elena, if you don't talk about
others, they don't do anything, create content or
grab a book,
chata, you're so fake that you even
said that I called Javi a cat in heat.  she's
never caught me she's caught me you even
said you even said that
this girl I just want to make her look bad I'll
make up whatever I want well actually
you said it the other day reading But but
she assigns it to me what does it matter
I said it reading the But well gatan
goes unnoticed with the things she's
said to me I mean it's that I think that she
eh Doesn't remember or isn't aware of
the things she's said and done to me I mean I
think she's not aware I
guarantee you that she does
n't forgive Sorry excuse me you say you
called her a cat in heat Sorry sorry
sorry you say she calls him a cat Oh no no
first it's
this Sorry sorry sorry you say
you called her a cat in heat Oh I hadn't
heard this eh Let's see what she says gatan
in heat you have a dunghill that I
called him gatan in heat But how am I going to
call him gatan in heat if he's a man and I
didn't call him gatan in heat
God I called him a cat
in heat I have never said  that is never ever
mixing is mixing to create
a story Who wants less of whom
Javi Oh Javi well let's see it eh the
way he carries himself which is
completely different from yours and you are
known for what you are known for and
then we will see that arrogance and arrogance
that you have and of the 13 14 that you
wanted to do to Juanjo okay why
was this all you fought like a cat in
heat over Antonio David Flores as if he were a
goddess Hala
Hala my God What did gatan say in
heat but it's that I am surprised by the
importance that he is giving to this
term it's not as if I am
telling you that you have used those
terms that I listed the other day were
a page I think or rather it is that it calls my
attention that he is giving so much
importance to this one that he has said it cuz he has
said many more No but it's not that he cares it's that
the others sound familiar to him
this one didn't sound familiar to him You're welcome that's why he
grabbed it sounds clear he grabbed it like a
clam Burning saying he is lying
but what is funny what is funny That's not what is
funny  it's that when Loli calls me
she doesn't give it importance Of course she did
n't reproach her privately it's that to Ne you
haven't condemned Javi No he hasn't
pointed out his
moralistic things to sue because we talk about
her and it's like Well yes yes I have spoken
about you in these terms obviously I will
never sue you but it seems to me that
I have not spoken about her in these
terms Eh it seems to me that no eh But there are going to be
many more terms right now I'm
not going to show them okay the other day
I listed a few with alanne But there are going to
be many other terms that
I think are not going to sound familiar to her and she
has said them eh I think that this girl of course
F you trust You publicly because
you say Well then in court she
is denying it she denies it I have not told her this this
been me this is an ia okay
but [ __ ] it is that publicly she said We just
saw it so much in a
tweet so much in a tweet you are so false
that you even said that I called
Javi a cat in heat both in a t and in  a
live Sorry Sorry sorry he says I
called him a cat in heat Oh this and I hadn't
heard it eh Let's see what he says
cat in heat I mean look at you
eh
publicly denies what he does
when the girl gets
naked deities and I was telling you that the
videos were deleted Javi who
has no limits he doesn't care that you
were here telling him Tania stop
lying about me the videos are there and I
was telling you Javi oliveira
zero credibility well and on Twitter on
Twitter putting it and people telling him
Look it up I just looked it up but it's
not that you tell him because I mean
if I tell you you can't believe
my word Elena it's that live they
were looking for each other and they appeared clo but yes
I was with Javi I mean it's not
Claro anymore it's not that you have to
take my word for it it's that I
'm searching for you live
girl but if it's a girl who told me that she
was a troublemaker because she helped Javi
find and I'm telling you Tania every little thing
you say about him she'll tell you  I comment so that
if it is possible that she will file the lawsuit. Of course, I do
not trust you or this after
your career, but it is that she tells me if, lady,
an aunt who the other day robbed
the civil guard and the police so
that they would investigate me for the
impersonation of YouTube identity,
[ __ ] serious, [ __ ] a person who is
talking about some videos that are in
a lawsuit with other people and to
say no, there are no four, she goes to Javi's Channel
and looks for a folder of gossip from
youtubers where it says that there are 3000,
implying and relating it to those of
the dem Elena but I mean, but you
cannot take it seriously when the lawsuit
is published but apart from that, who sowed
discord, who is manipulating or
distorting the information in the
lawsuit Because if you are talking about the
lawsuit And you go to a folder of 3000
videos, what are you implying in
your live, of course? Only
she will have to explain when she arrives, who
is sowing discord. Of course, but apart from that, she
has also signed things that are things of
judicial proceedings  that she
signs it and that a judge has said this and
that a judge has said that other thing that no
judge has said okay she's going to have to be
clear that no well take seriously that she
calls you a troublemaker an ap aunt who eh is
letting herself be guided by all the clips that are
sent to her people who have been showing for years
that they are
obsessed with her has said that she
has said that she has the first
hand source no So more or less the other day
I mentioned it the first hand source
telling you who her
sources are and then we'll have to see if that
's true or a lie because of course She keeps
repeating that I had to go to
Barcelona this month it's 20 yes if
you see me someday that I
'm not here then let me know you know what
happens that according to her you are not first
hand to talk about that lawsuit you are
telling her no but you will not be
first hand then Ah or so I am
telling her no but the fact is that she is right
in fact she says In fact she says I
know more about your judicial processes
than
you the other day yes yes she said it she
said it the other day my manager  the other day
in my live I asked how many
old followers of yours really old
from when you still got along
with that person and you had a good relationship
and a lot of people told me
yes and I made reference to a day where
you made a fool of yourself in front of a
lot of people and you also had
first hand information about the
statement they
told me how are we going to leave was the
next day what madness is it I
remember the exact words What
madness is that about not leaving
that day I would have killed you I swear
no I don't know I gave the
information and I don't know why afterwards No
I don't know what led those people to
say no to Javi and then I don't know I don't know I
have no idea I'm not
getting into that No I'm not talking about
those people I'm saying that
Javi had that same first hand what the
[ __ ] is he saying no no I mean Javi in
that live was reading a
live message please in real time and it
was at night eh to say is that during
the day things went wrong
no no there were rumors that's why Javi
confirmed it Look it is  that she
eh makes a lot of references to what
she says every time you tell her
Hey Tania it's that you're saying this you're saying that you're
using
these insults you're using I don't know
what and she starts to say and I've
heard her many times in these
reviews that I've had to do No e
Well you shut up that you've said I don't know
what and that you've said I don't know what I don't know
how much and that you said to this one I don't
know what and that you said to the other I don't know
how much it's like Tania what you have
with me you will have to answer me
and you will have to claim that I have
said something to you and you are
answering me but of course I have
said something to you At the same level you
cannot get to a place if I am
complaining about your insults and answering that
I have insulted Manolete is that in the
trial that you have against her that you
have insulted Manolete it may not be
as equal as in the last trial that I
had they tried to introduce because
apparently They are in contact they tried to introduce
a sentence of  another fight of another
youtuber and the judge told him what does this have to
do with this, I mean what does the
trial have to do with the other one, this trial is this
trial is the fight of this youtuber with
this youtuber what does another
fight that he had with another youtuber have to do with you
know and that will be published no
because of course they keep saying that
since I already lost a sentence once,
that means that I can
lose it, that anyone can come and
sue me, I mean right now
whoever wants can come as if this were a
hardware store to buy screws Well
now you can appear here
resilience Paqui jave Sánchez lolailo xa
Whoever wants can file a lawsuit, they
can file a lawsuit because this is
the one who lost, gift voucher,
compensation, man, that doesn't work
like that. yesterday there is a reference that you
make about the comments that she uploads to
the screen no and she says these comments
are not and I don't know how much percent the same
as what they say about me and what they say
about ad and what other youtubers are saying,
well saying that she records
the live chats but that ot you
but  that Javi uploads it to the screen no
right it is no no not only that I do not upload it It's that there is
nobody here who has the balls to
put any on Tania let's go not to
Tania or to anyone an outrage she is banned
quickly the moderators ban
but let's go much less that I am
reading the chat when there are 3000
people here but it's that she she does not
remember the things that she has put on
screen and the people who have uploaded to
her to her live to say things like
that I am going to end up in the calameo that I
have I do not know how many complaints that are not
known in
public well when the day comes that
she explains it I am not going to
respond to those things Nor am I going to
push against her it's that I do not read I
enter anymore or the people with whom I have
had or have pending things If
you are watching I let them
say what they want every day
because they are no longer part of my
content since the people that we have the
majority do not even understand If at some
point I want to publish something or I have to
update something or whatever I will say it
but it doesn't concern me
even because eh with the people with whom
I've had problems or that I've had
some kind of lawsuit or they with me, me
with them or whatever, they are no longer
part of even YouTube or me, no, no, I'm
not going to give it to them, well, yes, that's it, you know,
whoever was there at the time
knows all the stories and she's
nobody, she's nobody, she wasn't there and she's not
expected to be, you understand. So I'm
not going to get into it with her, much less
debate her or discuss things with her that I don't have to
explain to her, but
where I have to explain them, well, man, let it be a
memory because it's no
use to her, this is, it's not that I
'm calling her a cat in heat, low, vile,
false stalker, because it's that he
called Pepa a climber, no, that's not worth it,
watch out Javi, who already has knowledge
of law, I sent you a very
interesting c, you have a cli on Twitter,
well, it's not noticeable, eh, it's not noticeable,
sincerely, to see
Javi's demand specifically specialized, yes,
then I did a higher degree and then
after two years I did a medium degree
and then  I studied law at the UB, and
then I changed my A
and I don't practice law. eh, I already said it as a lawyer,
but what's clear, eh, thank goodness what's
clear, yeah, you have to read, I've already
said it a thousand times, I really like criminal law and
penitentiary law. Then I got into
criminology and I have a book on
forensic psychopathology.
Take how old is Tania. How
old is Tania? I don't know, she
studied law, she's done
everything. I'm going to play you an audio that's
going to knock you down. You'll see me and she has enough
free time to have a
YouTube channel, expert in sentences, man,
knowing all of Javi's sentences
is a marvel. Tania,
eh, it was when I took out my cross-stitch book,
the
ribbon. Well, now that I pick up a book
that Tania says, you don't pick up any book, you've
already listened to this audio, you've heard the audio
that this is the icing on the cake. Stop this, stop
this other
trouble of saying, I'm going to see what the hell
was going on in that live show. Why did she
say this and why didn't she say that?
Take the trouble I know that you have
a lot of work that has a lot of
volume that has a lot of things to
do and very little time to waste and that it
is very appreciated that people
minute you and pass you the c I have already done, I have
done, chew it over just so you
react but sometimes you put your foot in
it and it's as easy as putting on
the piece of live and lying to yourself
Then your credibility is
lost don't trust so much in the people that
you trust so much stop you I know it seems like
a tongue twister but either someone really likes
controversy or someone doesn't like you
very much eh Because saying that Tania
called you eh [ __ ] who charges a [ __ ] bad
mother anything like that that is
feminine I think it's not about you she is a
troublemaker it's that she no longer understands that
term sowing discord she doesn't know what
discord is you are all on this channel
rotten [ __ ] Ah thanks
Maribel Maribel there des fontane are two
two plus two are two all your
life all your life of God let's keep
listening to see if there is something else
around here Okay Kiko Kiko
Kiko let's see Mar says
leng they did nothing reprehensible so that
a sleeve of youtuber lacking content you
start messing with her j on second
channel 74 because these people think that we do
not have a very
good memory very good you are the one who
lacks
content no but the thing is that
saying that Elena loves me badly and that she
is a troublemaker because she is
inventing that the other one or rather she is
telling me Javi I understand that you do not
have time and they have to time
everything for you and you trust what they tell you and
check it out true By the way it is something
that they throw in your face day in and day out too and it
feels very bad that there are people who
send you clips and call you little less than
lazy you
know I mean it is something that they use very
often to attack you no I do not understand yes
but what she tells me Try it yourself do not trust
what the ot is telling you and she is
defending that the other one everything she
is telling you that she has called you she
has not called you How is she going to call you
phallic well  let's see the other one hasn't
called us anything of what she's supposed to have
called us according to him no the other one at
least The other one says yes what happens
is that she hasn't told you much no and some yes it's that one There are
days when she says little
no there are days when she says that she hasn't told us much
and other days she denies that she has told you anything she has
told you eh she's leaving I'll tell you
the things Pau Look Pau pau Javi How good
kiss Pau Pau pau Sorry daughter a kiss
sweetheart it's true a kiss queen It's that I
'm busy because I don't know
the yellow prince is putting me on all the
time I'm going to have what she's doing she's
doing her thesis with you I'm
telling you it's Javi's internship
but look he catches her with me I mean she
has a problem with you right now let's
not put it like that and he catches her
with me he calls me a troublemaker because I'm
telling you but But what did I expect
what did I expect after how she's already
behaved with me personally giving
like to an account that harasses me saying
threatening me all the time saying that she's
going to look for [ __ ] on me the most beautiful thing that  she
said in her live it was
Elenita always with that tone always like
what did she expect from me she goes
collecting in her channel the best okay
Because she says she is recording the
chats of course Well look this is one of the
most common in her chat my goodness dal
veira I mean the simple fact that they
have their chat and she gives the ball to
a user who has as Nick dal veira
and who has things this dalis veira
but the marinera in case someone doesn't
know Explain what dal veira means
Where does it come from because word play
by Dallas And Javi oliveira I mean I don't think I'm
super either we'll let you guess
Who has her entire account dedicated to
no no her life because it's 24 hours I know this I
mean he's right now He's watching this
live Yes yes total and if I connect
live at 3 in the morning He's
watching it Javi who sees mine and me and
leaves me comments in the
comments box he's a special person
let's say okay It doesn't seem very strange to you that
Javi knows the
little sister in person but not
Dallas himself  insinuation is disgusting no H it
's because we live far away
Yes how disgusting the insinuation is disgusting
in case someone doesn't and for this they surely
have an excuse for that he will have an excuse
Tania of course of course sure let's go
sure that we are some dirty minds that he
is not insinuating that we are not
assuming that it is that now it turns out that
Javi is keeping the agenda of his appointments she is
missing the boy who as
married to one and with the other
no of course
man please and the little sister thing with
that tone too Yes nobre of course she is a
minor she is a minor Dallas's sister or not She is not a minor
but they treat her like a minor I
mean in reality the insinuation would not
have anything because the girl Now she is
20 I don't know if she is 21 Or 22 or something
like that she is not a minor but of course she has that much she
already has that much man no Javi name no
Javi man no Of course not [ __ ] V
the girl is going to be 21 years old if she started
making the videos with him and she was a girl
a kid let's say she was the 10
year old sister and I did not get along with him to say the
least  she'll be at least 19
Look for it 17 years old sweetheart he's still younger of course
Jai 17 no Well
no April 11, 2006
clo it's true it's true 17 is not turning 18
Now I understand no well it's all the same to me
but ig that The insinuation on one side
you can meet the girl even if she
also has You can meet her no yes no but
the insinuation is not in
our context of the Arian youth it's as
if you have as if she were younger
always or rather the insinuation I mean she's going to come of
age now but you
've already seen her a couple of years ago at
least I mean the insinuation is
making reference to the fact that we're talking
about one And you're emphasizing the
little sister I mean we know what she
means perfectly obviously Of course
if she had said sister but as for little
sister of course obviously every
time they come to Seville not only do I
receive them the same as I receive
any of you but they also try to
see me and call me and say we haven't seen each other
because they haven't come to
Seville and because we haven't  has
still been trying to see us when you go to Andorra
with Delos no but no but for
example her mother the father may he
rest in peace have come to Seville a
few times they have come they have
called me obviously and we have gone we have gone to
eat we have gone to dinner and
all that stuff But the
girl has come the girl has come with her
boyfriend she has come with her mother she has come
a lot of times and every time we have been
able obviously we have been in a relationship for
a long year and obviously she is
staying it's as if she comes eh Carmen to
Seville or FJ I am not going to stay you
know I mean like I am not going to stay in fact there are
many times that they have come and we have not been
able to stay because either I was
ear or they only came for one
thing of health a thousand things no but evid
well in fact the last time she was there
was at the gramis and I think you
couldn't stay yes yes there we did see each other there you
saw yes we saw each other but let's
see but the insinuation that she is
making is like that I flirt with
minors or things like that  and
what and what they will say later is that we
have very dirty minds, very sick to even
think that man
please Of course of course you F you that I already
pretended to be 20 or so because
recently there was a comment also that
naída rechi made and people were on
Twitter and they were saying but if she is already of legal
age, yes, she is already of legal age you know like
saying the naín and her have little difference I
mean they could perfectly because I
think that naín is a kid who is a
little bit 20 and I made her be 20 already Look at
what I'm telling you because it's
true that Dallas told her in the
titles about the 10 years my sister of
10 years years maybe she was 13 14 15
years old and she was still saying the
10 years but what am I telling you I mean yes yes it doesn't matter if
she is 17 or
19 or 25 even when she
is 25 the insinuation gives her the tint
that they want to give it no and and apart from that I mean she
is not the  first time they make
an insinuation of that type then I
mean don't come to me Now as if we were
idiots telling me that it's
us who have a
feverish mind there is a mojo but they always
do it from multiple accounts of those they
have it is understood why this of
creating a multi-account an email not to
make a mistake and put it from the man Of course
because obviously that comment You are not going to
do it from the from the account
car all well lately there are
main accounts that are very unleashed I
also tell you eh Yes yes not
to that point Not to that point
but very de to what they will never
be the same as what they put from the
mind but come on I imagine that because they
feel a certain security of course I am
waiting for what you have said that when they
ask for the ID no no no there There when they
ask for the ID already knowing vaar it is going to be
lowered a lot of
course it does not advance the same it will touch you If you
want pass it to m p in yours of what they
put from Ade in yours of what they
put from other youtubers in  yours but what do
you care what she puts on But
that's what she's going to tell the judge, imagine
in a possible lawsuit, that's what she's going to tell
the judge No, I posted comments that were
lacking in the honor of this person or he
interpreted it that way, your honor, because don't
you see what they say in their chat,
man, talking about Antonio David
like that is worse Elena, they're going to go for the
shots Mother of God she's going to say it we'll see she's going to
say it we'll see
The only thing I hope is that Of course She has
made comments about me that my
hands sweat in trials and
so on I hope that I hope she does
n't do it because of course after
having said it no I don't think she will
do it track okay And what people say that
she uploads calls because she doesn't
remember I don't know if she doesn't
listen to what she has said in her live, the
people who upload her calls
okay technician stop if the person is listening to me
okay
eh Rivero
HM technician What are you doing? I had a good time
we laughed a lot with that lady,
really eh What did you do? You exposed her on your channel
the cojon is not on her channel or appears
here the cojon is not like she also exposed
Pilar verun for example they are dedicated to doing
demanding things oysters I have put that
lady Look, it's not that you don't let them
defame you at ease Javi, that of
exposing people of course don't expose them
man let them insult you and they
sew you calmly true why they were laughing
with that lady on call please I mean
she who was there super comfortable
accusing
you that precisely the one she just
mentioned is not cut any roll
because she continues and continues and continues Yes yes and she
continues uploading to channels and saying
barbar No no already but she continues
uploading and improving it okay eh that according to
her her in the law firm her
lawyer all the lawyers in the firm and
the attorney were laughing that I said
that I was going to sue her for telling me that I have
kept the money of children of
children with cancer and even the attorney
was laughing okay what you will tell me what you
have the attorney in the lawyer's office
no good question  people have missed her Well
yes, scare
people so they don't call so they don't
participate so they give
listening so you know that she
did this to you she did it on purpose so you would
disappear from here not to
disappear censorship technique that she usually
uses but whatever Or whatever the technique or
whatever Sorry Elisa can keep calling
What's happening is that Elisa doesn't know how to enter the
call Without insulting and without defaming
Javi period Good
point Good point that
Eh I'm not
going if she'll let me
load this
okay There, the thing about the pill doesn't offend her that much
No, what's
happening is that
sometimes
in these calls the tone gets higher you know And taking advantage of people's ignorance regarding legal issues, no, and mixing civil with criminal offenses with insults anyway a series of lawsuits to which she is giving a tint that is not and she is signing on several occasions things that do not state
any Sentence
Well, it might be a little
demanding to listen to this
comment, eh, be
careful with these two this is a
shitty parody  marriage scenes
with an incredible aggressiveness a
disgusting machismo What does he say and nothing about Consuelo and
the
boss is
worth all
worse and you condemn him Well nothing continues in
his line he has already traveled Asturias he has
less left to go to the
calam she she she poor man
saying that she laughed
a lot or rather Poor thing you cut her off you
cut her off the whole roll with what
she laughed guy with that of course what
the woman entertained herself with insulting you
Javi it's true that you don't have let's
see that I cut him off you are You are a
bad person How many times have we
told you Javi Let people insult you at will of
course you are a bad person man
who is funny can we let the
boss already Consuelo man who really is are
mutiquis Mikis don't let them
insult you Nothing it's that
the things you say don't make sense they mount a or
rather the movies like victims and such I mean you have to
let a lady go up
since she is anonymous who gives you
broth who says whatever she wants and if
you complain it's because  Look at her It's that
freedom of expression what the [ __ ] freedom of
expression you're putting me in the hot water
no but let's see or rather but it's not even that you're
putting me in the hot water because you
can put me in the hot water
if you insult me ​​with that
anonymous thing what Damn you insult
me ​​stop being anonymous I'm going to put you in the
hot water and I'll put you in the hot water too and that's it you
can yes you can put me in the hot water
relatively But telling a person
who is aggressive to the other to continue doing that they're going to
end up in alcal meco is
that the tone of the lady is like that all the
time
sincerely the thing part I don't
understand then we put together a drama father
when they call us fat exactly
then for the others everything I mean for
them everything is a drama But of course
the lady who is anonymous leave her man let her
upload a channel to clear like the other one
who was anonymous and look and look make them
clear Well nothing if she thinks that you
are fine then let her continue and well I don't know if
we have left something out FJ I think that's it I do
n't think that's it let's see this good
live from today  eh family poocha it's just
that we've started off right away with ard
de Troya it's been very direct when
you said that Peppa was crying
in today's live I thought it was
figurative I didn't think she had
cried for real Carmen too
Carmen what have I told you Carmen told me
this afternoon she says she's crying because she doesn't
have a friend and I say yeah but but I
thought that er clear
your friends do defend you and she doesn't it's that but I
thought it was
figurative So I had made a drama
no I didn't think she had really cried I had
n't seen it but we
lost the opportunity to
title the live Crocodile Tears
eh no man I do believe the
tears I am the empathetic one in the
group yes but yes I maybe at that
moment because you feel that you feel that
but they also didn't betray anything I mean they do
n't support her but they were the ones who
attacked her and sank her in all this
240 How the hell are they going to
support her if what they wanted was hir cl that
's what I don't understand and  let's see what
Peppa said today, I knew from minute one
we and towards these it's like all
hot towels there they give, I didn't
defend myself because I didn't want to feed the
herd she said it she said yes very
well Pepa dignity for another day you
don't
defend yourself but what she said today
has for me for me it has been one of the
few times that I've seen her honest or what happened
today it was appropriate I do believe myself I mean I do
believe myself eye no no
because she believed in a
true friendship I believe the
frustration of finding herself alone and that
the people who were supposed to be her
allies really when it came down to it
are the ones who have given her the worst beating
of all too It's true that she
she put pressure so that ard trya would
position herself between Exactly when what happened with
Tania well let's see it wasn't normal either
that de Troya would position herself for another
position other than that of her friend no it didn't
fit there either no no it's that we have
never commented on that it is I
think they had a battle for
for Loli who defended Loli more it
wasn't Like  so who defended Loli
shar de Troya or Peppa more when Tania
told Loli to get out of here on
YouTube that I don't know what was
happening and because it was all fake it was a
fake friendship between the three of friendship
nothing was like the fight to be the best
friend closest to Loli to get
the benefits the greatest benefits and that's it there
there Peppa was I think she
was convinced that ardet
try was going to save her face
and it wasn't like that I think she took it
for granted I think she took it for granted
but in that live broadcast of Tania
there was a before and after because in
that live broadcast of Tania arde Troya
realized that Tania had chalked up Peppa
because there she hit the nail on the head in what
Tania said about Peppa yes about
interests about manipulating Lolly about
influencing and s when she said stop
donating to all channels for x
time and look to see and she realized
that Loli was not against
Tania
then Troya ard de Troya there something
clicked for her Okay but But  Lolis did
at one point turn against Tanas and
told her it lasted one day Elena the
next day the next day they talked And
as if nothing had happened because
Tania called her and stopped her I mean it lasted a
very short day there they were already making
Peppa's bed of course there they were already
making Peppa's bed
totally this one had already told about
the 240 that hadn't arrived and of course and
the other took advantage of the moment but
she had already told the other about
the 2 40 so that the other would let it go well
when it came to him better for the
subject and here it is the boss says you can
read in that live what they left
written in the box in the
comments box pinned by her or rather it is more or
less similar to what she
said in audio but extended yes
imputations of crimes to both the boss
and Javi yes forgive me that I am with the
video of the main that
we have finally managed to turn
green Don warry if the channel is ours Do
not worry that
this
doing in fact in that live in the
comments box  as the
boss says, this girl left a
very over the top comment, very over the top, Tania
fixed it, a warning was sent and she
consoled herself, she asked him to remove it and if
not, take action and the comment is still there
because she is the bravest, that they are
not going to silence her, she is very brave
but then she says that they have nothing
to sue, that she is very sure, but
then when the lawsuit comes to her, she will still be
just as
brave, indeed, with a buran, do
n't you see how she got Yes, yes, she did not want to
talk about the subject with a truth of, it is about
that subject, she does not want to talk about it, yes, she does
not want to turn the subject around Because the
other day she said that that happened and that
things are in the past, How far behind for her,
of course, Javi's No, Javi brings up the
Claro thing, of course, Jai, I have a channel to talk about
Javi's lawsuits, the other day he
said why don't you say anything about this
video, but when was the video, yes,
I saw you, I say but when is
that video, the thing is that Tania is talking about
a video of, I don't know, she wanted us to
tell you that it was very bad What  you
were making that video I mean but
when was that good ccks video No what it
says that he put his tter the
compilation they
made 2017 and until 2019
Carmen what will these
people care about what you did in
201 but we are talking about what is
now I do not have to recriminate what you
did there for what of course for her it does not matter
because she is not going to recriminate What
Loli does Not today or tomorrow or ever
let's see if today Javi starts
debating with anyone Carmen and out of the blue
without any
story coming he insults the other in a
way he humiliates him I am the one who does
say it of course I do Of course I
tell him and I would not share that attitude at all
and then if you ask me
Even publicly I could tell you he
went too far last night Javi What he did was not
right
you come and mess with
Javi's family I can say man it's not my
ways Maybe I would not have
exploded like that because I do not get caught off
guard but he said little of course yes
But the first if they talked about  her family of
course if they talked about her family
she would also put herself out of course normal
in one of the clips that they show me
fighting with people from the forum
gossiping okay Oh it was with those
gossiping it was there yes Well and there are others
that are with some youtuber who are
none of the ones that are none of the
people I'll leave it Now Of course because I
repeat it again I don't talk about people here it's
over okay they are not any of
the people with whom I have had a trial
nor will I have okay there are some clicks
that are with people gossiping and they
were telling my wife how fat she
was Pig how fat the
fat
pig had become Because she was pregnant for
months they wanted to induce an abortion
that was deando that was another story that was
another story that too that was
another story but I
remember but and then there were people from the
cl pas that I I have not put if one
day so wants when whatever has to happen
to her happens I will catch her here
live and we talk about those cl of each
one  of the cl I'll explain it to you Look there's one
that they say it was from a person who
was calling me a
pedophile Enton your [ __ ] mother daughter of
a great [ __ ] your [ __ ] mother you know that of
course maybe today maybe
the first of that today maybe
Dalira is insinuating it
too not that I'm a pedophile not that I hooked up
with minors we did
n't sleep here we said [ __ ] F your
level and maybe I don't put myself At the same
level I'll [ __ ] one day with the cable in a different
way and explode the same I don't think I would do the
same because obviously man
Of course but it's not the same ago nor
is it the same my maturity that I know I
was 30 something years old but I was not the
same as I am now okay of course it
's not to justify myself but it's the reality it's that I ca
n't tell you otherwise
because the truth is it was not the same
as yes that today you look and maybe you are
not clear or had the
skills or had the skills or had
hit the ones that you have  stuck Now we hadn't even
hit you the slaps that
the rest of us have given you And if I had to
hit you a couple of screams I would
hit you And if I had to slap you
Maybe I would hit you too
but that's how it is I mean I can't
tell you I can't tell you the
opposite it's that it wasn't the same as
today And it's that it can't be the
same as a person who
now has the life and the responsibility and the
impact that he has now as a
person with 4000 followers that he could
have at that
time and by the way I don't know who of
them it was because if I tell you the truth I do
n't know who it was that in one of the clips
they say oh and the girl that you hear
laughing behind is aln It wasn't me in
one of the cl a girl and who was Lore
And if it were you nothing I mean it was
in none of the clips in none of
the clips the people who were at the
time in the audience in none of the
click saw my behavior badly because
there was a story hab but but I
said it the other day that I
said it the other day  that I'm going to come so
Now here to take out some c that she doesn't even
know why they are or was or anything when
she has a click where you where
I ask her But you would insult a
person because she now she is
against insults and it is super legal
she does not care about the contexts or
the fights she only
cares about the legal issue now eh I mean
she and now you go and ask her
but you would insult someone eh yes if they
say something to someone in your family she says
family Yes yes even if they condemned me yes Ah
and you are insulting me without me having
told you anything But Javi that I
said the other day that I have
yelled at you a thousand times through my mouth yes I have
yelled at you a thousand times through my mouth
now that if they told me about my
family what they said about yours Maybe
my answer would have been even
worse it is to sun what I go let's see you
take eh to my mother okay And I walk down the
street and my mother A guy comes and
hits her with a punch from a bag and I  I'm going to
chase him And I'm probably going to hit his
head eh with my knee and I'm going to
put my ear on him Morano the next thing Okay
and maybe they can condemn me for
having hit him but I'm going to hit him of
course What's going on Are you going to defend yourself from the pull of the
bag because they condemn me For hitting him
No man, he doesn't talk to him, he talks to him
Of course he does but the thing is that we are we are you
know saving the
distances of comparisons of
course But there are many times in
life in which you do things as a
consequence of which you can be condemned or a consequence
of such or or or they are a
consequence of having defended yourself and that's it but
as as
you mature you also try to make it so that
most of the time there is dialogue
instead of reaching those those terms Of
course yes of course of course but but but
my family because my
family family is Untouchable and and at a
given moment you can lose your nerves
of course she would do the same thing
exactly she would do the same thing Of course but
also there is a clip but she always
insults also it's that I don't know what
obsession with the insults  But if
I've seen her say a
lot of everything when she gets angry when someone tells her
something when she says everything I'm
telling you the terms in which she has
referred to me and she will not be able to
justify them and she does not have to because I have
seen her say sefala and she says Also
all kinds of barbarities and this girl is going to
say but yes it was the other day when she
gave like to the stalker that if I have to
open directly at that same moment
when I see the like well And then the
experiment will surely win me it was a
social experiment here Hey that
Consuelo praised Consuelo that she said
that of course she is better at
arguing than other types of content
that she her record where she gives it
all is arguing No that she told
Consuelo no no no no no no exactly
worse still but I'm going to put a comment
because this She told me this they
told me also and this is true okay And there is
proof of this Okay now I'll tell you
something wait because I have
the comment here and this is
true eh And there is proof she
says she proposed to Consuelo to get angry
to get  green between them and have
content that she wasn't worth for anything else
Of course She knows that in the conflict
she can scratch a little there okay
wait this I think they commented on it they didn't
give a name okay in theory but
and there are people who say Hey no she didn't say it
directly but it can be seen that it
could be that she could fit
perfectly too I thought about her
too I thought about her man because
I don't have another record when she
moves very well also in the conflict
which is where she moves well I also
thought it was because of her very well Well
but it is where she is comfortable in the
conflict she is comfortable if not she would not be
hooked on the same thing all the time and not
only the night that she is
a person who does not like to be like that is not
with someone every day and tied up
and come on and in a loop she likes she liked it
alone of course It's not only that she is comfortable it is that she
knows that it is the content that her
audience demands Of course but the fact is that if you
are not comfortable no matter how much that is that
she does not give part of that she knows that she is
comfortable in that like the other one they also
love that there is no more proof than the
numbers there is no more proof that
Antonio Tejado has done a live show that  went to
testify this very Friday how
things are going with Antonio Tejado's people and that's why it does
n't happen
Run is
content it happens to you but you don't get
hooked on the arm of the pppa and you
put on bl every day simply Even
if I do it I don't hesitate son it just doesn't
occur to me to hesitate That's the question
if my content works Especially when
there's gossip what doesn't occur to me to say
Peppa that I don't need you at all Javi I don't care to
mention you what nonsense
is that the truth She just notified me I
just notified me that right now on
Twitter she is defending
Veira she is in this live of
course Okay and that and that she is
defending Dalis Veira Of course of course
this is exposing that I am
exposing an anonymous an
anonymous I am amazed that you are exposing an
anonymous has said Yes yes what p I was going to say
about the comment that you said says
Juan José that we should not
question it I questioned it because at the
time there
is evidence there is evidence of that eh I mean there are
worse things but these are things that
I am not going to  to go in because they don't go
with me I'm going to go into what goes
with me I mean trying to convince
Consuelo to go green
prove that there is proof but apart from that there are
things let's go that it's time to keep quiet
but let's go with things very but I'm not going to
go into things that don't
matter to me I'm going to go into my thing and I'm going to
solve it And also I'm going to
solve it the same way I'm going to solve that
Pilar Vera thing the same way I'm going to solve it
very calmly without any
rush but everything is going to be solved h
perfectly but because I have no
other choice because it won't be because I'm not an
idiot because I am when it comes to
Hey please Hey stop Hey
use my videos l Lili that you are not
anonymous that you are I'm not anonymous
okay but I bet he has put that
we are exposing anonymous users again
refa girl that's what he
understands But let's see a person
who just made such an
ugly insinuation to this girl, I don't know her C face of
shame of siqua to
defend but it doesn't matter Carmen it doesn't matter
even if it's really anonymous
that  be a guy who met Javi today
on the street and wants to expose him here
Hey, but exposing a tweet is not
exposing an anonymous person, exp
anonymous person be but esp please much
less if we are talking about an account
called dalira that we are not and with
a photo that is a Dallas meme
we are not talking a name and a surname we are not
even going if it were I would
also put it on screen that that account is
based on Javi Javi giving you a hard time no
Of course that account is dedicated to you and we
are not exposing I wish
we knew Who it is to put it we know
Who it is I mean we are not putting his
name surname his photo we are
exposing but on top of that you cannot
answer them you have to let them
insult you And if you answer them Then they
grab on to the anonymous ones but Poor thing
Yes, when it comes you are on a
public social network making comments I
can also say the comments that are not
public the comments I
can answer you if I want guys
eh I have to leave you because
the video of the main Channel is being released
okay You don't have to do anything You those
who  you are there you don't have to do
anything you are supposed to fall
directly into the premiere so don't
touch anything we simply remember that
alanne tomorrow tomorrow it is done directly no
in principle yes well Okay tomorrow Well
the round is like it is which Carmen because
you drive me crazy because one day I
find you in the afternoon and another day I
find you in the morning no but I s at
12:30 I don't do it in the morning
12:30 Okay then I start the round
if I do the vertical if I don't do it
Lena starts it okay at 5:30 I'm going to
put the names here so that nobody
forgets no Carmen starts the round in
the morning no but it can't be Ray Ah well
Okay Ah you have learned already Elena no
analogue no V eh
call no call no that you Ray has to go
to me
[ __ ]
that tomorrow I will learn Tomorrow learn yes
raid tells you now there were 5 people without
starting there were 500 it worked it
worked Elena well for tomorrow you have to
learn
apatel and then alne and then you
tomorrow no no me no tomorrow I have the
coffee but yes  what I want because we
normally clash on schedule If you
start at 10:30 or start a
little later I want it, that is, I
intend to try to
do it a little later on Tuesdays and Thursdays if you start since you
start at 8 at 8:1
I will start at 9 9 or something Before
you start That's what I want to
get into there because in the end if you
have to, my schedule won't
start I'm also telling you because I'm the one who
shows up one day at 7 another day I
show up today's schedule has been
brutal today's schedule I'm going to
keep it plus tomorrow I start with the
Sorry today I caught you today you caught
my schedule
handsome the salsería that's an
eggshell that doesn't count that doesn't affect you No no
that doesn't affect you Of course that one doesn't that has to do with it
it's if I don't have to get going in
the morning no no it's the party it's the in
the morning not in the morning in the morning
come on in the
morning Look Javi, forgive me you went to
Thailand and we organize our
our
schedules ahes and recover  no no no no don't
forget about me I'm back okay well
organizing your time no no
we share it organizing the people now you
stay still now you stay still you're
going to jump for the
main video that is brutal and you have to
see it before I demonetize it they're
probably going to turn yellow okay because it's
very delicate probably
Then tomorrow morning with
Carmen okay And after eating with
Alena and then with the lne I mean you have
tomorrow's planning done I didn't fail that's because you
've stayed quiet eh
what